Good day. Good day everybody. Brian here
from quantabsnet.com.
I just wanted to go over with you uh a
few big things that um have come out.
First one is
the uh we're now able to do everything
on our exchange of choice for futures
and options being rhythmic using Python.
So access to everything we've had
withnet C++
full market data full uh full orders as
well. So we're now in a position where
we can start live trading hopefully
successfully instead of the last batch
of few weeks. Next thing first thing I
want to talk about are the different um
LLMs out there for for vibe coding and
what I'm seeing. All right. So, let me
show you um
uh our first thing. So, people have been
reporting from hftcode.com that this
blueprint
uh is working is very valuable for them
for as a starting point. So, I'm going
to show you the same environment and
update you with where I'm at with
serious serious AI generation now. uh
vibe coding as the kitties call it. So,
couple things here I want to show you is
um we've got the ability now to use news
that I've shown. Okay, that I update now
in my Quant Labs Net group. Uh let me
just pull that up for you. So if if you
have joined my quant labset groups on
the analytics you'll get access to this
private chat group here. Here um I'm now
making available in summary files my
full analysis of the markets futures and
options specifically. This is all news
driven. This is these are monster PDFs
or 41 pages 100%
AI generated. I now have the capability
to uh pass that into what I'm showing
you here to create different trading
bots that work um using specific types
of prompting to generate each individual
bot based upon that analytical
trading plan daily. I can do it every
few hours, whatever I want. But I can
now create trading uh bots from that. So
the first batch was done yesterday. The
next batch was done last night. I'm
going to show you actually the trading
uh uh activity for it. And I just
created one just now uh earlier today.
Um and then these ones get created as
well. So in this case what you can see
here um let's say for today you can see
we're creating specific trading bots in
Python for um market conditions and
strategies. So here we have a treasury
uh regarding flag a federal stagflation
type of trade. Let me just open this up
here.
Okay, based upon momentum or I'm sorry,
a Fed stagflation curve, we have here a
Bitcoin M6 May concerning uh a call for
HA having call for momentum. Ethereum
staking support uh with a put sell
combination. Right now, I'm just using
futures only because uh I just want to
stay simple as I keep saying. We also
have here a comx gold geopolitical tail
hedging. Obviously that's related around
the war in Iran, the Middle East. Here
we have a specific one for the horror
moves uh breakout
uh on the oil. Here is natural gas EU
specifically for EU uh gas cap
reversion. So you can see these are all
related around the trends and the
outcomes of this war with Iran and these
are the only ones that are getting
generated. Okay, so this one now I'm
going to talk about the LLMs and using
the same prompts
um to generate these trading prompts.
I'm going to tell you my experience
right now. Um this environment that you
can set up with this
uh blueprint, we'll call it, you can see
it's very cheap. I'm going to be
doubling it in the next few days, just
so everybody knows. If you want it, you
get it now while it's that cheap, but it
will double because it's now at a point
where it's very valuable. I'm getting
reports back. It is very, very valuable
for people. So, um, there's that. Um,
and you can see here that we have a
whole variety of different trading bots
built around,
uh, last night's news on the outcome of
this war in the Middle East. Okay. So
then uh what I did was this was created
by
uh GLM
5 AI the Chinese AI that's the lowest
cost AI out there out of the three. I
also with this environment tried it with
miniax
and with the prompting because it's so
big you can saw in that report it's
about I don't know 1500 line report or
sorry prompt and I see that in a in a
like tw or miniax it breaks the the
communication gets lost with the AI
servers so this will not work on the
column lowerc cost Chinese AI at this
point the Only Chinese AI that this will
work with is this as I said GLM5.
Okay, works great. Okay, and that's the
lowest cost available. So here for
today's set of news, I purposely did
further tests to see what would happen
on the cost and the output quality of
the code. Now you may go why can't I see
the code? because as I said this is to
deal with the provider of the data
rhythmic I can't show it terms of
service do not allow me to do that
understand that okay
>> the way it goes I don't write the laws
on this or the conditions just the way
it is but I will tell you this the
codeex uh did do everything it's very
quick
um the VLM's quite slow uh so codeex is
That's the latest version of Codeex 5.3.
Um, that's the best one for the best
value, I think. And it's so fast as
well. So, if that's important to you,
use Codeex. Now, here's where it gets
really, really sad for Claude. Now,
Enthropic, I use the Claude 4.6. Now,
I'm going to put this out as a caveat
for everybody. We know that claude and
enthrop are a hot thing right now in AI
vibe toing just general AI. Um
especially for coding. Um, I will tell
you now
that Codeex is pretty well as good as
Quad because I always thought Quad was
the best for the price of it now, which
is generally three times on average more
than uh Codeex. So, they're kind of neck
and neck for this simpler type of
trading. I will say one thing, the
difference is when I take that plan,
that chain plan I showed you,
um it does create a few extra bots,
namely um HG, which is copper,
um and that's it. So, you're paying a
lot more just to get an extra bot that
most likely won't perform. So, for the
cost, not worth it in my mind. the
codeex
it's going to generate the same number
of bots
as the um as the uh a GLM. So when you
compare GLM versus
codeex which is open AI I'm finding
if you're really sensitive on cost stick
with the Chinese ones, okay? They're the
lowest cost and the GLM
is uh pretty good. It's getting up there
and it's still quite a bit cheaper than
the codeex
for using these kind of techniques. And
again, these are big prompts. Same
prompts across
uh quad uh codeex and GLM. And these are
the ones that work flawlessly in this
environment. Again, built around this
blueprint I'm talking about. Okay. So,
there's that on the bot side and the
quality. Okay, I'm starting to probably
lean towards saying I want to save money
because I'll be doing this quite a bit
with the agents out there um that I'm is
my next big step.
Um, so class is going to be a big
factor. I've I've said this already. If
you're using quad code and you don't
know what you're doing, you're you're
going to get hosed one way or another on
the cost of generating AI and code from
AI. Okay? Especially if it's quad
because the quality of code depending
upon what you're doing um the the
Chinese LLMs
are getting are getting there now. the I
can't for the size of the prompts as I
said earlier I can't get it to work with
tw and I can't get it to work with
miniax anymore because it's too big so
it just depends upon the size of your
prompting and stuff when it comes down
to the cost definitely the Chinese ones
are as good now again this is all
because I'm in the world of Python if
you're trying to do more advanced stuff
you may need to stick with the codeex
and plot but because I'm doing now and
and more trying to just stick with
Python
and uh JavaScript
and HTML. The Chinese ones seem to be
okay. So again, it just depends upon
your use case and what you're trying to
generate, what kind of lang programming
language and so on so forth. So that's
an important factor now. Okay. So
uh let me show you now uh the reporting
from yesterday. I find this really
fascinating. Maybe I should show you uh
the one from uh this yesterday morning.
Okay, so I ran the bot um
set of bots for yesterday morning and
I'll show you the difference. Okay, so
um this is yesterday morning. So you'll
see the types of bots that we had uh
available, the different types of
strategies. So here's here's yesterday
morning. So, in here we had and it was a
pretty bad day because of the markets
and we're we're still having some bad
trading days um with with the markets
because of this war and oil and you can
see some pretty deep negative moves um
uh over the last day or so. Okay. And as
I said before, when things get really
bad,
the only one performing is VIX as you
can see here. and it does quite well
putting it out there for people. So this
is the one from
uh uh yesterday morning. This is what
kind of shocked me is the best
performing one was this having called
momentum base and then the geopolitical
uh on gold which is a tail hedge again
this is just futures futures that's it
I'm just this is all simulated data
using uh market data from really the CME
through rhythmic um and then we have a
uh a stagflation
uh curve this is easily by far the most
important metric when it comes to what
will be the future of quant trading, the
future of trading firms,
family offices and the like hedge funds.
The only jobs that'll be left over are
going to be systematic portfolio
managers. This is what we're doing right
now. So these port these systematic
portfolio managers go what should be the
only strategy I should be running for
today or at this time frame yesterday?
Surprisingly, it was the Bitcoin.
Bitcoin having momentum
drew the most profit. But you can see
here win ratios pretty good for uh uh
CZN
M6 Fed stipflation.
Um but here we have this is crazy. The
draw downs are much higher with gold
than with Bitcoin at this time yesterday
morning. That's that's the thing is that
um the volatility and these draw downs
for gold that's pretty extreme. That's
that's how extreme and volatile the
markets are and people may not like it
and if you're a traditional trader. Uh
if you're not doing this you're you're
going to get cleaned out pretty fast and
or you're going to get scared off from
trading. But you can see overall if
you're doing what I'm doing, just
trading off of news, very short-term uh
news events, well big news events and
letting the AI decide what should be
traded. And you'll see a general trend
here right across the board over these
three
uh data sets. I'll show you. You can see
here, this is what's being recommended
right now in very extreme times.
Bitcoin, gold,
uh that's Treasury, ZN, and then NX on
the oil. That's all that's that's
tradable all the of all these types of
strategies. Um, and here's the
individual performance of each all along
through here. And you can see here the
best the best for yesterday morning was
Bitcoin futures and a little bit of
gold. Okay. So, that's why I stressed
that systematic portfolio manager is
going to be the new job of the future
and only trade where you're making money
at that time. At the same time being
able to generate a new set of trading
bots because of the volatility have a
new set of trading bots ready to go
based upon how the market evolves for
the day because of this extreme bunch of
exogenous events called war.
It's it's going to have huge impact on
oil. It's going to have huge impact on
gold as you can see and treasury. Okay.
because the treasury was the financing
wheel or blood circulation for the US
government and that gets affected as
well. So there's really no safe haven uh
in the traditional sense because of this
extreme volatility. Okay, so that's
yesterday morning. But where it gets
very interesting is when I show you um
the ones from uh this one right here is
uh the report
I believe. Uh let me see here.
Um,
yeah, it's a different level of Let me
see here if I can load it up in my
PowerShell.
Uh, okay. So, let me just see here.
Yeah. So, here,
uh, yeah, this one right here. So, let
me see.
So, uh, okay, I see where it's at. Okay,
so
let's just see. making it right here.
Okay, so this is now kind of late
yesterday and ran it I believe overnight
and uh into the morning. So here again
uh different time period and it
radically changes. So here we had
Bitcoin pro proving to be
uh a really powerhouse for profit
yesterday morning throughout the day and
then with something happening in natural
gas. I could pull it up if I wanted to
but just from a trend perspective on a
trend potential you can see here natural
gas started to profit really good but
the funny thing is look look at the big
draw down you get with natural gas. So
the question becomes, do you do you want
to take that risk of this crazy
volatility
on natural gas if you're going to get
these severe draw downs? Okay. So I can
look at the the metrics here and and and
you can see here that NX was driving a
4.3
sharp ratio
and uh
we have here a maximum draw down of 36K.
Now, I can't remember the starting
amount. Um, but it's this is all
hostage. This is not real money, but
it's using real data. But I'm just
trying to show you how um volatile the
markets are right now and how
the the the key word really is
unpredictable markets, okay? Because of
this war. And then you see here all the
other ones are just not performing. Um,
we got Ethereum in there as well.
Bitcoin was performing earlier in the
day. So, it goes to show you
um that what you think you'd be making
money on would be crude oil, but it's
not. It's natural gas if you're willing
to take on the risk of the volatility.
Um and again, this is a mean reversing
strategy, I believe. Um
but again, that that's what matters. So,
here we have the NGK. Yeah, it's it's a
gas cap mean reverting strategy. So it
was taking advantage of of some form of
spread
um and being able to get this type of
profit because of the news and the AI
was able to figure out proper strategy
to use. So a profit from a bit but it it
uh took on uh quite a bit of volatility
and draw down for it. So
um but with a with a a sharp ratio of
4.3 that's pretty strong. So if you look
at the metrics now of Bitcoin over the
same period
um
the entries are okay. Uh two two two um
uh stops were hit um but still made
money. But again this is what I'm trying
to prove is the importance of this type
of analysis. Now, um that's yesterday.
So, we had a pile. Let me see if I have
um
a report from earlier today on the 12th
of March.
Do believe I have something here. Let me
just see.
I don't think I have. Um so, there you
go. Um this is a new reality of how to
make money in the markets. Now uh
unfortunately uh because of the crazy
it's not volatility, it's the
unpredictable events, unpredictable
uh volatility. Um when you have a
president
acting the way he is, who's so
unpredictable,
it's just really hard to know
what and where to make money is. You may
think as a human, but it's quite clear
that's not the case. and and and again
being able to respond to create a
trading plan for a certain time period
and then be able to trade out uh create
bots
quickly and that's why I like codeex
because you're not sp I should should
should uh threat myself based upon this
type of environment I would prefer to
use GLM5 to create trading bots but it's
slow very slow Whereas, if I want to
create trading bots based upon trading
news as fast as possible, then that's
where I'd use the latest codecs. Um, and
you pay a little more with codecs. Um,
but the quality, as I said earlier, is
the same. So, um, under these conditions
with the high volatility and
unpredictable nature, I probably would,
uh, go with a codeex for now. Um,
anyways, so that's pretty well
everything I want to show for today. Um,
as I said, there's a couple things
happening uh on my website. So, at
quantabsnet.com,
we just did a earlier sale uh earlier in
the week where we we uh raised the cost
of uh 50%. Okay, so what I'm referring
to is this under the try option. Right
now, it's 67 a month. You can try it for
free in 7 days. This will go up again.
Okay, this my my target market's 127 a
month. So, if you took a trial at the 47
or even lower, congratulations because
you're now permanently grandfathered in.
But this will hap this this price
increase will happen again because of
now the value that we're seeing the
markets and proving everything and being
able to to to to develop trading bots
very quickly
uh in response as I talked earlier. So
this will go up. Um, also I did talk
about uh my uh at hftcode.com.
This one right here at hftcode.com.
This one will double again and probably
double again as well because this right
now is well in this case 23 24uro. It'll
double and then over time in a couple of
weeks it it will get up to just under
hundred US dollars. That's the goal. Um,
and people go, "I can't afford it."
Well, if you want to afford it, now's
the time. Um, because as I said, we're
now able to do live orders, sorry, live
trading. Um, and once we can get that
track record underway
through and show receipts,
um, then yeah, it's going to be a a
premium level of service for people
um, and verifiable on top of that. Um so
because and be probably only one talking
about a proven track record. Um that
will make it very valuable in itself. Um
and we have a different target. I'm
having a different target market right
now as well. So what I'm trying to tell
you is now is the time to jump on this
or not. It's not much I can tell you.
Okay. Um that's just the way it is.
Thanks for watching. And if you're
sitting on the fence on this stuff,
now's the time to jump in and get on my
email list. If you get on my email list,
um all you got to do is hit the learn
tab, you'll get a well year plus book,
whatever. But it's kind of valuable for
some people for the um for the
infrastructure for C++ shops. Um people
have found value in that. I think we're
up to 1500 copies, maybe 2,000 copies
have been uh downloaded and and when
people join. Okay. So, um we're we're
reaching much bigger audience and the
audience is growing much faster now.
I'll be putting out some reports um on
this uh over the next couple of days. Uh
we get big big numbers on that on
LinkedIn and uh in the 15,000 plus. So,
we are targeting the right crowd. Um, so
if we garner the right attention for the
right target market, things will all
change. Um, I've said that my streams
before. So, what I'm trying to say, it
might not be as accessible for a lot of
people, but as I said, now's the time to
jump in. Um, and as I say, the early
bird gets the worm. We'll talk to you
later. Have a good day.